this is the only ice cream vendor left
in Gaza the once popular treat is a
welcomed
site so hot it's so hot in the middle of
all the fighting I like pink ice cream
it's really
tasty with electricity and fuel in short
supply Gaza has been cloaked in darkness
this shop in hunas runs from solar
panels when I saw the ice cream shop
open I ran home asked my parents for
money and came to buy one I really like
it Joy is rare among these children who
seen their lives unravel and innocence
crushed by the
War I eat ice cream to feel alive
especially because I am scared at night
crammed into a un School in the
dark in Northern Gaza ice cream fans
were used as morgs when cemeteries run
out of
space intense Israeli bombing Force
Palestinian South there the UN says more
than half a million people are crammed
into these schools and Clinics and the
trickle of Aid allowed into Gaza is a
drop in the
ocean food and water are hard to come by
soup kitchens have been set up to help
volunteers use traditional cooking
methods but there isn't enough to go
around we don't know what to do or how
to feed our children all the shops have
run out of stock the Gaza Strip has been
besieged for 16 years and now it's at
War there's not even water for us to
wash before prayers the future looks
very
dark for now this vender provides some
much needed respite from the misery of
War I felt like having ice cream and
it's hot so I bought some I haven't had
ice cream since the War
Began and it allows children to be
children zor Khan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer